Updates to Web3.py Page (#739)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/build/eth-api/libraries/web3py.md

## Setup Web3.py with Moonbeam {: #setup-web3-with-moonbeam }

> Throughout this guide, you'll be creating a bunch of scripts that provide different functionality such as sending a transaction, deploying a contract, and interacting with a deployed contract. In most of these scripts you'll need to create an [Web3.py provider](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html){target=_blank} to interact with the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this guide, you'll be creating a bunch of scripts that provide different functionalities, such as sending a transaction, deploying a contract, and interacting with a deployed contract. In most of these scripts, you'll need to create a [Web3.py provider](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html){target=_blank} to interact with the network.
```

```python
--8<-- 'code/web3py-contract/compile.py'
```
!!! note

>     If you see an error stating that `Solc is not installed`, uncomment the step 2 described in the code snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you see an error stating that `Solc is not installed`, uncomment step 2 described in the code snippet.
```
